GHSI_MAE.nc
Mean absolute error (MAE) of daily heatstroke prediction at each prefecture (dim: pf) conditional on a wide range of humidity weight (dim: beta) for both outdoor and indoor (dim: exposure) version of General Heat Stress Index (GHSI). MAE is calculated as an average across the validation periods of a 10-fold cross valiation during 2010-2019

HSI_MAE.nc
Mean absolute error (MAE) of daily heatstroke prediction at each prefecture (dim: pf) by existing heat stress indices (dim: HSI). MAE is calculated as an average across the validation periods of a 10-fold cross valiation during 2010-2019. Ta: dry-bulb temperature; WBGT: wet-bulb globe temperature; WBGTin: indoor WBGT; UTCI: universal thermal climate index; Hx: Humidex; HI: heat index; UTCIin: indoor UTCI; Tw: wet-bulb temperature; sWBGT: simplified WBGT; Ts: lethal temperature

GHSI_MAE_2020-2024.nc
Mean absolute error (MAE) of daily heatstroke prediction at each prefecture (dim: pf) conditional on a wide range of humidity weight (dim: beta) for both outdoor and indoor (dim: exposure) version of General Heat Stress Index (GHSI) during 2020-2024. The prediction model is trained on dataset during 2010-2019.

HSI_MAE_2020-2024.nc
Mean absolute error (MAE) of daily heatstroke prediction at each prefecture (dim: pf) by existing heat stress indices (dim: HSI) during 2020-2024. Ta: dry-bulb temperature; WBGT: wet-bulb globe temperature; WBGTin: indoor WBGT; UTCI: universal thermal climate index; Hx: Humidex; HI: heat index; UTCIin: indoor UTCI; Tw: wet-bulb temperature; sWBGT: simplified WBGT; Ts: lethal temperature. The prediction model is trained on dataset during 2010-2019.

linearized_HSI_MAE.nc
Mean absolute error (MAE) of daily heatstroke prediction at each prefecture (dim: pf) based on linearized approximations of existing heat stress indices (dim: HSI). MAE is calculated as an average across the validation periods of a 10-fold cross valiation during 2010-2019. HI: heat index; Tw: wet-bulb temperature; Ts: lethal temperature;  UTCIin: indoor UTCI; WBGTin: indoor WBGT

Country_level_HSI_effective_beta.nc
Country-level effective beta of existing heat stress indices (dim: HSI) calculated based on population-weighted summer climatology of Japan. HI: heat index; Ts: lethal temperature; Tw: wet-bulb temperature; UTCIin: indoor UTCI; UTCI: outdoor UTCI; WBGTin: indoor WBGT; WBGT: outdoor WBGT; Hx: Humidex, sWBGT: simplified WBGT

Prefecture_level_HSI_effective_beta.nc
Prefecture-level (dim: pf) effective beta of existing heat stress indices (dim: HSI) calculated based on population-weighted summer climatology of Japan. HI: heat index; Ts: lethal temperature; Tw: wet-bulb temperature; UTCIin: indoor UTCI; UTCI: outdoor UTCI; WBGTin: indoor WBGT; WBGT: outdoor WBGT; Hx: Humidex, sWBGT: simplified WBGT

Prefecture_summer_average_temp.nc
Summer (June-Sep) average temperature at the capital city of each prefecture during 2010-2019

corr.nc
Pearson correlation coefficient between summer (June-Sep for NH, and Dec-Mar for SH) average temperature and vapor pressure.
